Begin adding tree shaking info to docs re #8105 (#9721)
chartjs/Chart.js: docs/getting-started/integration.md

> Chart.js 3 is tree-shakeable, so it is necessary to import and register the controllers, elements, scales and plugins you are going to use.

Reviewer: is it weird that this refers to Chart.js 3? At the very least I think it should say "Chart.js 3+", but maybe we should change it to just "Chart.js"?

Until you are working on bundle optimization, the following snippet will ensure all features are available:

```javascript
import Chart from 'chart.js/auto';
var myChart = new Chart(ctx, {...});
```

> You can achieve the same thing while explicitly calling `register()` as follows:
> 
> ```javascript
> import { Chart, registerables } from 'chart.js';
> Chart.register(...registerables);
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure why anyone would ever need to do this. We don't need to document something that's equivalent to "auto"
```suggestion
```

> And you can achieve the same while listing all possible imports as follows:

Reviewer 2: The reason we have the list is that we got a lot of issues where folks didn't know what to import

> And you can achieve the same while listing all possible imports as follows:

Reviewer: I found the full list of available imports to be very helpful for reference

  Tooltip,
  SubTitle
);
```

### How to choose the imports you require.

> The options are categorised (inspect `registerables`) into controllers, elements, plugins, scales. You can pick and choose many of these, e.g. if you are not going to use tooltips, don't import and register the `Tooltip` plugin. But each type of chart has its own bare-minimum requirements (typically the type's controller and a suitable element):

Reviewer: people should not have to inspect our code. we should document it
```suggestion
The options are categorized into controllers, elements, plugins, scales. You can pick and choose many of these, e.g. if you are not going to use tooltips, don't import and register the `Tooltip` plugin. But each type of chart has its own bare-minimum requirements (typically the type's controller and a suitable element):
```

* Bar chart
   * `BarController`
   * `BarElement`
   * `CategoryScale`
   * One of `LinearScale` (default) or `LogarithmicScale`
* Pie chart
   * `PieController`
   * `ArcElement`
* Doughnut chart
   * `DoughnutController`
   * `ArcElement`
* ...@todo...

The plugin imports are

* [`Decimation`](../configuration/decimation.md)
* `Filler` - used to fill the area under the line, see [Area charts](../charts/area.md)
* `Legend`
* `Title`
* `Tooltip`
* `SubTitle`

The scale imports are:

> * `CategoryScale`

Reviewer 2: A number of charts also use the `CategoryScale` as the default X axis

Reviewer 3: To add on this I dont think there really is a default scale, since bar and line use `category` for x, scatter uses `linear`, doughnut and pie dont use any and radar and polar use a `radiallinear` 

So for the basic implementation of all the charts you would need either zero or half of the scales already so there is not really a single default one

Reviewer 4: I think it would be better to list "default scales" for each chart type in the "bare-minimum" list above.
